camunda-forms-reactjs/README.md, before:

[![Community Extension](https://img.shields.io/badge/Community%20Extension-An%20open%20source%20community%20maintained%20project-FF4700)](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/community)
![Compatible with: Camunda Platform 8](https://img.shields.io/badge/Compatible%20with-Camunda%20Platform%208-0072Ce)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lifecycle-Incubating-blue)](https://github.com/Camunda-Community-Hub/community/blob/main/extension-lifecycle.md#incubating-)

# Process Solution Template for Camunda Platform 8 using Java and Spring Boot

This repository contains a Java application template for Camunda Platform 8 using Spring Boot
and a [docker-compose.yaml](docker-compose.yaml) file for local development. For production setups we recommend to use our [helm charts](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/self-managed/platform-deployment/kubernetes-helm/).

- [Documentation](https://docs.camunda.io)
- [Camunda Platform SaaS](https://camunda.io)
- [Getting Started Guide](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-get-started)
- [Releases](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform/releases)
- [Helm Charts](https://helm.camunda.io/)
- [Zeebe Workflow Engine](https://github.com/camunda/zeebe)
- [Contact](https://docs.camunda.io/contact/)

## Using the Spring Boot application

The application requires a running Zeebe engine.
You can run Zeebe locally using the instructions below for Docker Compose
or have a look at our
[recommended deployment options for Camunda Platform](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/self-managed/platform-deployment/#deployment-recommendation.).

Run the application via
```
./mvnw spring-boot:run
```

Swagger UI: [http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html](http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html)

## Using docker-compose

> :information_source: The docker-compose file in this repository uses the latest [compose specification](https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/), which was introduced with docker-compose version 1.27.0+. Please make sure to use an up-to-date docker-compose version.

To stand-up a complete Camunda Platform 8 Self-Managed environment locally the [docker-compose.yaml](docker-compose.yaml) file in this repository can be used.

The full enviornment contains these components:
- Zeebe
- Operate
- Tasklist
- Optimize
- Identity
- Elasticsearch
- KeyCloak

Clone this repo and issue the following command to start your environment:

```
docker-compose up -d
```

Wait a few minutes for the environment to start up and settle down. Monitor the logs, especially the Keycloak container log, to ensure the components have started.

Now you can navigate to the different web apps and log in with the user `demo` and password `demo`:
- Operate: [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081)
- Tasklist: [http://localhost:8082](http://localhost:8082)
- Optimize: [http://localhost:8083](http://localhost:8083)
- Identity: [http://localhost:8084](http://localhost:8084)
- Elasticsearch: [http://localhost:9200](http://localhost:9200)
- KeyCloak: [http://localhost:18080](http://localhost:18080)

The workflow engine Zeebe is available using gRPC at `localhost:26500`.

To tear down the whole environment run the following command

```
docker-compose down -v
```

If Optimize, Identity, and Keycloak are not needed you can use the [docker-compose-core.yaml](docker-compose-core.yaml) instead which does not include these components:

```
docker-compose -f docker-compose-core.yaml up -d
```

Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, along with Optimize require a separate network from Identity as you'll see in the docker-compose file. 

In addition to the local environment setup with docker-compose, you can download the [Camunda Desktop Modeler](https://camunda.com/download/modeler/) to locally model BPMN diagrams for execution and directly deploy them to your local environment.

Feedback and updates are welcome!

## Using this template

Fork [this repository](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/camunda-process-solution-template) on GitHub
and rename/refactor the following artifacts:

* `groupId`, `artifactId`, `name`, and `description` in [pom.xml](pom.xml)
* `process/@id` and `process/@name` in [src/main/resources/models/camunda-process.bpmn](src/main/resources/models/camunda-process.bpmn)
* `ProcessConstansts#BPMN_PROCESS_ID` in [src/main/java/org/example/camunda/process/solution/ProcessConstants.java](src/main/java/org/example/camunda/process/solution/ProcessConstants.java)
* Java package name, e.g. `org.example.camunda.process.solution.*`

By forking this project, you can stay connected to improvements that we do to this template and simply pull updates into your fork, e.g. by using GitHub's Web UI or the following commands:

```sh
git remote add upstream git@github.com:camunda-community-hub/camunda-8-process-solution-template.git
git pull upstream main
git push
```

Commit message:

Fix compile errors, update README. Can browse to index.html.

camunda-forms-reactjs/README.md, after:

[![Community Extension](https://img.shields.io/badge/Community%20Extension-An%20open%20source%20community%20maintained%20project-FF4700)](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/community)
![Compatible with: Camunda Platform 8](https://img.shields.io/badge/Compatible%20with-Camunda%20Platform%208-0072Ce)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lifecycle-Incubating-blue)](https://github.com/Camunda-Community-Hub/community/blob/main/extension-lifecycle.md#incubating-)

# Camunda Forms, ReactJs, and Websockets Example

This project shows an example of how to write custom code to display User Task Forms in Camunda 8

If you were looking for a more mature, ready-to-use solution, checkout the [Camunda Tasklist](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/components/tasklist/introduction-to-tasklist/). 

# Backend

The application requires a running Zeebe engine.
You can run Zeebe locally using the instructions below for Docker Compose
or have a look at our
[recommended deployment options for Camunda Platform](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/self-managed/platform-deployment/#deployment-recommendation.).

Run the application via
```
./mvn spring-boot:run
```

By default, the application should start listening on port 8080. Try opening your browser to http://localhost:8080.  

# Frontend

The `reactjs` directory contains a [ReactJs](https://reactjs.org/) application. A prebuilt version of this application 
is already available under src/main/html

## How it works

This project uses a combination of the [Camunda 8 Task List GraphQL API](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/apis-clients/tasklist-api/tasklist-api-overview/) 
and the [Zeebe Client GRPC API](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/apis-clients/grpc/) to retrieve, display, and complete user tasks

## Dependencies

- This project is loosely based on the [Camunda 8 Process Solution](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/camunda-8-process-solution-template)
- The [Camunda Forms](https://github.com/bpmn-io/form-js) javascript library is used to render forms
- The [Stomp Js](https://stomp-js.github.io/) javascript library is used to send Simple Text Oriented Messaging Protocol
  (STOMP) messages over websockets
-  is used to implement a single page web client

## Using docker-compose

> :information_source: The docker-compose file in this repository uses the latest [compose specification](https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/), which was introduced with docker-compose version 1.27.0+. Please make sure to use an up-to-date docker-compose version.

To stand-up a complete Camunda Platform 8 Self-Managed environment locally the [docker-compose.yaml](docker-compose.yaml) file in this repository can be used.

The full enviornment contains these components:
- Zeebe
- Operate
- Tasklist
- Optimize
- Identity
- Elasticsearch
- KeyCloak

Clone this repo and issue the following command to start your environment:

```
docker-compose up -d
```

Wait a few minutes for the environment to start up and settle down. Monitor the logs, especially the Keycloak container log, to ensure the components have started.

Now you can navigate to the different web apps and log in with the user `demo` and password `demo`:
- Operate: [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081)
- Tasklist: [http://localhost:8082](http://localhost:8082)
- Optimize: [http://localhost:8083](http://localhost:8083)
- Identity: [http://localhost:8084](http://localhost:8084)
- Elasticsearch: [http://localhost:9200](http://localhost:9200)
- KeyCloak: [http://localhost:18080](http://localhost:18080)

The workflow engine Zeebe is available using gRPC at `localhost:26500`.

To tear down the whole environment run the following command

```
docker-compose down -v
```

If Optimize, Identity, and Keycloak are not needed you can use the [docker-compose-core.yaml](docker-compose-core.yaml) instead which does not include these components:

```
docker-compose -f docker-compose-core.yaml up -d
```

Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, along with Optimize require a separate network from Identity as you'll see in the docker-compose file. 

In addition to the local environment setup with docker-compose, you can download the [Camunda Desktop Modeler](https://camunda.com/download/modeler/) to locally model BPMN diagrams for execution and directly deploy them to your local environment.

Feedback and updates are welcome!

## Using this template

Fork [this repository](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/camunda-process-solution-template) on GitHub
and rename/refactor the following artifacts:

* `groupId`, `artifactId`, `name`, and `description` in [pom.xml](pom.xml)
* `process/@id` and `process/@name` in [src/main/resources/models/camunda-process.bpmn](src/main/resources/models/camunda-process.bpmn)
* `ProcessConstansts#BPMN_PROCESS_ID` in [src/main/java/org/example/camunda/process/solution/ProcessConstants.java](src/main/java/org/example/camunda/process/solution/ProcessConstants.java)
* Java package name, e.g. `org.example.camunda.process.solution.*`

By forking this project, you can stay connected to improvements that we do to this template and simply pull updates into your fork, e.g. by using GitHub's Web UI or the following commands:

```sh
git remote add upstream git@github.com:camunda-community-hub/camunda-8-process-solution-template.git
git pull upstream main
git push
```
