azure-persistent-storage/README.md, before:

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tutorial%20Reference%20Project-Tutorials%20for%20getting%20started%20with%20Camunda-%2338A3E1" alt="A blue badge that reads: 'Tutorial Reference Project - Tutorials for getting started with Camunda'">

### Persistent Volumes and Persistent Volume Claims in Azure

When creating a Zeebe Kubernetes Environment based on the 
[helm charts](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-helm), each 
`Zeebe` Broker will create a persistent volume claim along with a corresponding persistent volume,
for example, "data-camunda-zeebe-0". 

Each `elasticsearch` replica will also create a pvc and pv, for example:  
"elasticsearch-master-elasticsearch-master-0".

The screenshots below show the pvc's and pv's created in a cluster with 3 `zeebe` brokers and 3 `elasticsearch` pods.

Here are the Persistent Volume Claims created: 

<img src="pvc.png" alt="Persistent Volumes">

Here are the Persistent Volumes created: 

<img src="pv.png" alt="Persistent Volumes">

It's possible to control the following for zeebe brokers via `values.yaml` file: 

| Section | Parameter | Description | Default |
|-|-|-|-|
| | `pvcSize` | Defines the [persistent volume claim](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#persistentvolumeclaims) size, which is used by each broker pod | `32Gi` |
| | `pvcAccessModes` | Can be used to configure the [persistent volume claim access mode](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#access-modes) | `[ "ReadWriteOnce" ]` |
| | `pvcStorageClassName` | Can be used to set the storage class name which should be used by the persistent volume claim. It is recommended to use a storage class, which is backed with a SSD. | ` ` |

And, `elasticsearch` volume claims can be customized as described [here](https://github.com/elastic/helm-charts/blob/main/elasticsearch/values.yaml). For example: 

     volumeClaimTemplate:
       accessModes: ["ReadWriteOnce"]
       resources:
         requests:
         storage: 30Gi

Commit message:

Updated README files to reference greenfield project

azure-persistent-storage/README.md, after:

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tutorial%20Reference%20Project-Tutorials%20for%20getting%20started%20with%20Camunda-%2338A3E1" alt="A blue badge that reads: 'Tutorial Reference Project - Tutorials for getting started with Camunda'">

> :information_source: **Heads up!** Check out the [Camunda 8 Greenfield](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/camunda8-greenfield-installation)
> repository for an easy way to quickly create and start a Camunda 8 Environment in Azure. After creating your kubernetes
> cluster, you'll be able to easily see the Persistent Volume Claims that are created by default
 
### Persistent Volumes and Persistent Volume Claims in Azure

When creating a Zeebe Kubernetes Environment based on the 
[helm charts](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-helm), each 
`Zeebe` Broker will create a persistent volume claim along with a corresponding persistent volume,
for example, "data-camunda-zeebe-0". 

Each `elasticsearch` replica will also create a pvc and pv, for example:  
"elasticsearch-master-elasticsearch-master-0".

The screenshots below show the pvc's and pv's created in a cluster with 3 `zeebe` brokers and 3 `elasticsearch` pods.

Here are the Persistent Volume Claims created: 

<img src="pvc.png" alt="Persistent Volumes">

Here are the Persistent Volumes created: 

<img src="pv.png" alt="Persistent Volumes">

It's possible to control the following for zeebe brokers via `values.yaml` file: 

| Section | Parameter | Description | Default |
|-|-|-|-|
| | `pvcSize` | Defines the [persistent volume claim](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#persistentvolumeclaims) size, which is used by each broker pod | `32Gi` |
| | `pvcAccessModes` | Can be used to configure the [persistent volume claim access mode](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#access-modes) | `[ "ReadWriteOnce" ]` |
| | `pvcStorageClassName` | Can be used to set the storage class name which should be used by the persistent volume claim. It is recommended to use a storage class, which is backed with a SSD. | ` ` |

And, `elasticsearch` volume claims can be customized as described [here](https://github.com/elastic/helm-charts/blob/main/elasticsearch/values.yaml). For example: 

     volumeClaimTemplate:
       accessModes: ["ReadWriteOnce"]
       resources:
         requests:
         storage: 30Gi
